So this section is all about assertions.
Assertions are provision of forcing a regular expression pattern where you can decide maybe a line or
word boundaries or end and beginning with a specific word or a character.
The first assertion we discuss is also known as anchors.
That is a carrot and a dollar sign.
There are two anchors.
One is the carried sign and second is the dollar sign.
The carrot denotes beginning and dollar denotes end.
For example, if you write console.log.
Now I'm going to write a pattern here where I'm using the carrot sign.
And I write this dot test and I'll pass.
This is a string.
Let's run the code.
The output is true as you use the correct anchor, which says if string begins with the this keyword,
then return true.
Otherwise return false.
Let's try to change the string and run it again.
I'll remove the T now because I've removed T from the string.
It does not begin with this anymore and thus it returns false.
In short, for checking string is beginning with a pattern or value.
You can use the carrot anchor dollar checks the same for end of string.
That is.
For example, you want to check whether string ends with a word.
Hello.
Then you can write the code like this.
I will say console.log log Hello and the dollar.
Of course, I'm using the test method to check whether it is true or false.
So here we say this is a string.
Hello?
Now, if we run this, it returns true.
Let's try to remove Helo from and and try to run it again.
Now you can see that it returns false.
So Carrot and Dollar are anchors which help to check whether a value exists at the start or end of a
string.